Update hornet docs (#1408)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/maintain/hornet/2.0/docs/how_tos/using_docker.md

:::

:::info

> Just activating a Wasp node isn't enough for full participation in a smart contracts chain. If you're using our ShimmerEVM chain, a standalone Wasp node isn't necessary. For setting up your own chain, see our guide for the required steps: [Set Up a Chain](/wasp-cli/how-tos/setting-up-a-chain/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activating a Wasp node isn't enough for full participation in a smart contracts chain. You don't need a standalone Wasp node if you're using our ShimmerEVM chain. For setting up your own chain, see our guide for the required steps: [Set Up a Chain](/wasp-cli/how-tos/setting-up-a-chain/)
```
